Dear Parent/ Carer



We hope that your child enjoyed the 11+ Familiarisation Tests last week and
found the test day process a helpful one.  This email contains your child's
personal results, along with some overall test day suggestions for families
based on our experiences with the children last week.  It also contains
a link to a feedback form as we would value your ideas about things which
worked well and things we could do better next time.



You might find it helpful to consider the following when reviewing results:

    Approximately 600 children (both boys and girls) took our tests in total
    The average mark for the English test was 69.8% The average mark for the
    Maths test was 70.8% In general, the children finished the English test
    more quickly than the Maths test The test was not designed to match any
    specific school's entrance test but instead was a generic 11+ style test.
    Therefore, you should not use the breakdown of question categories provided
    to infer anything about the possible content or format of the Tiffin School
    exams later this year, or the exams for any other school.  Our test may
    have included topics which will not be in a real test, and may not have
    included topics which will be in real tests.  Please do not ask for any
    more information about your child's results, the question categories or
    specific questions.  We have provided all that we are able to share.



Child's Details

Child's Name:

Child's Candidate Number:



English Results

Total score (maximum 60):

Total score (percentage):

Category score - Spellings:

Category score - Suffix:

Category score - Figurative Language:

Category score - Fiction Extract Comprehension:

Category score - Complete the Sentence:

Category score - Intended Meaning:

Category score - Closest Synonym:

Category score - Extract Fill:

Category score - Article as a Whole:



Maths Results

Total score (maximum 45 marks):

Total score (percentage):

Category score - Arithmetic:

Category score - Factors and Multiples:

Category score - Fractions:

Category score - Percentages:

Category score - Ratio:

Category score - Reading Timetables:

Category score - Rounding and Estimation:

Category score - Sequences:

Category score - Spatial Reasoning:

Category score - Time:





Test Day Suggestions



·         A very large number of children went to the toilet during the
exams themselves, reducing the time available to complete the papers and
distracting other children. We recommend that you encourage your children
not to go to the toilet during the exams unless they absolutely have to,
even if they have finished the paper.  Schools will generally provide plenty
of opportunity for children to use the toilet before the tests begin and
during any break between papers.



·         The children were using a pre-printed OMR style sheet to record
their answers, so that the tests could be marked by computer.  Some of
the children completed all of the questions on the question booklet and
transferred them to the answer sheet at the very end of the test.  This is
a risky strategy as they may run out of time to transfer the answers and
therefore score zero.  We suggest that you encourage your children to fill
in any answer sheets that are provided as they go along.



·         A large number of children did not have the correct pieces of paper
with them on the day (printout of email containing seat number etc).  This was
easily fixed by our team, but potentially made the queueing experience more
stressful than it needed to be for the children.  We suggest that you make
sure you read all instructions from the school in detail and contact them a
few days before the test if you don't think you have received full information
such as your child's seat number, if you have been told to expect it.



·         Many schools will only allow children to take pencil cases,
water, snacks and medication into the exam room i.e. no coats and bags etc.
We recommend that you read the school's guidance carefully in advance
and help your child get ready to say goodbye whilst you are in the queue.
Unpacking bags in a hurry can be stressful for the children.



·         Some children brought drinks which were not in a clear water bottle
or pencil cases which were not clear.  As our test was just a practice we
allowed these, but schools are unlikely to be as lenient on real test days.



·         Similarly, some children brought snacks containing nuts and these
had to be confiscated due to the allergies of other test participants.
It can be upsetting for children to have their snack taken away so we
recommend that you make sure you know what snacks are allowed before you
arrive at the test centre.



·         Some children had to queue for a long time before they entered
the school, and some of them were naturally feeling very nervous.  You might
find it helpful to take a book for your child to read whilst in the queue.





Feedback Form

We will soon be planning our test programme for 2025 so we would appreciate
your feedback on your experiences with us, to help us improve our offering.
If you would like to, please complete our anonymous feedback form at
https://forms.gle/m3i4GqBj2exSiSTs5 or reply to this email.  Thank you for
your help.





We wish you and your family well as you approach any real entrance exams
later this year.  Thank you for choosing the 11+ Test Kingston programme.



Kind regards



Samantha



Samantha

11 Plus Test Kingston Team



W: www.11plustestkingston.co.uk

E: info@11plustestkingston.co.uk


